# Capstone-Exercise---What-I-would-change-about-the-website-

The things I would alter about this website are limited but they are vital for a successful academic website. I would change how when you scroll down on (starting from the introduction) you can gain access to other sections of the website. I think it should be separated into pages so that my computer’s system does not have to download all the pictures and graphic images all at once, but rather on separate pages. This will help limit the time that the data loads and the constant switching to different browsers. Not only this, but the background is dark and Pickering used grey borders on certain sections but neglected the others. Despite the font being white and it being easy to read against the background, it looks empty compared to the sections with grey borders.

Regarding the content, I like how unlike most sources that discuss Aboriginal and Canadian history, Pickering uses “I” frequently to give his thoughts on the data he researched on the Google website. I appreciated how Pickering noticed his data was showing that students mostly researched statistics and the topic of ‘residential schools’ in scholarly articles which is clearly meant that the research was done for school work purposes only. Despite this, Pickering explains how this data should be discussed more often outside of a scholarly context, because it is a part of our history and we need to think about what has happened to the Aboriginal community so that it does not happen again and that we do not repeat history. The significance of Pickering’s data shows that Aboriginals deserve more attention to their social issues, as it affects us Canadians and how we brand our country. It is also the humane action to take, to fight with Aboriginals so that they may obtain proper rights and potentially self-governance in the near future.
